Questions/instructions
A. The preferred method of communication that your team will use outside of meetings (examples: discord, wechat, group emails, etc)

B. How frequently is everyone expected to check and respond to messages? Within 48 hours? At least every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday?

C. If you have to meet between Mondays to prepare for your weekly meeting with your TA, what are two possible day/times when you could all meet?

D. What format do you want to use for the meeting? Zoom? A Bb Collaborate meeting set up by your instructor? Using some other platform? (If you request a Bb Collaborate room, one will be created for you on Quercus with "group_0XXX" as its name, where XXX will be replaced with your number.

E. How will you keep track of who is doing which task and what is its status? There are a number of apps for this like Trello, Monday, etc or you could track it yourself on a shared Google Doc or something similar. Explain how your team has decided to track the status of each task and identity of the person in charge of it.

F. If your team wants to have someone check in and make sure that each team member is doing okay and ask whether or not they could use more people on a task, who will that person be? Will that role be given to different people on different weeks? Alternatively, has everyone in the team agreed to report back to the rest of the team if a task turns out to be more time-consuming than originally assumed?

G. Is there anything else that your team has agreed on? If not, you can just write "No". 

H. So that everyone on your team gets participation marks for this document, please make sure everyone's name is included at the bottom of the file.


Inside the StudyGroup folder, have one person on your team create and push a file called contract.txt with the following information
So, does that mean one of us just has to type the answers to those
on contract.txt after creating it then push

Answers

A. Discord

B. Within 24 Hours

C. We agreed on 6-8pm EST on Monday, and tentatively Saturdays at 10 am

D. We have set up a discord server so we’ll be meeting in the voice channels. For meetings with a TA, we can arrange to meet over Zoom.

E. We plan to use the Asana app to track and assign tasks. We will discuss the tasks that need to be completed in meetings, and assign tasks to members according to their strengths. 

F. Everyone will check in with everyone during meetings. Everyone will be open and honest with the amount of work they can take on and handle.

G. Aim to have assignments done at least 2 days prior to the due date.

H. Christopher Seungjun Jung, Tony He, Austin Blackman, Angela Xiang, Hasti Toossi, Ifaz Alam. Freeman Cheng, Idris Tarwala




